= Data247

A simple wrapper for the NumberPortabilityLookup service of Data24-7. Give them a msisdn and they (usually) give you an operator code. Compile your own list of relevant codes.

I'm scratching my own itch here, so I'm only adding what I use. Feedback and patches are welcome.

For more info about the service, take a look at: http://data24-7.com/

== Example

The usual way you'd do a lookup

  Data247.username = "meeeeee"
  Data247.password = "verysecret"
  data247 = Data247.detect(31612345678)
  data247.operator_code # => "20415"
	data247.operator_name # => "T-Mobile Netherlands"
  data247.msisdn        # => "31612345678"

When the lookup does not work due to a timeout

  Data247.detect(31612345678) # => nil

This means that the amount of retries specified as Data247.retries have all timed out after Data247.timeout seconds. You can retry at a later time or do something else. This is great if, as is my use case, the lookup is used as a type of pre-selection for numbers.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Contributors

* Gerard 'smeevil' de Brieder
* Wes 'Narnach' Oldenbeuving

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Gerard de Brieder. See LICENSE for details.
